Add docs for rds in preview environments (#39)
flightcontrolhq/website: motif-docs/pages/guides/config/preview-environment.mdx

  - Each service on each preview environment will have an associated cost, same as normal environments.
  - AWS only charges you based on the time the services are running. So if the preview environment for a specific PR is only running for 2 days, then you’re only charged for 2 days of usage.

## How it works

## VPC

By default, a new, single VPC is used for all preview environments.

Alternatively, you can deploy preview environments to an existing VPC by setting the `vpc` field in `flightcontrol.json`.

### RDS Preview Environment

To keep costs as low as possible and to increase deployment time, the RDS service in Preview Environment will only have a single AWS RDS instance per service configured that will be shared.
i.e.: if you have 1 RDS services and 10 PRs open, there will only be 1 instance created in AWS.

Then, for each preview environment, a new database within that instance will be created.

> The correct connection string with the correct database name can be referenced from the other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection string for a specific PR can be accessed from the other services via the configured environment variable.
```
